06.01.2022
==========
- [vesting] post-launch periodic vesting is not exposed via messages, hence then we may use only continuious, e.g. linear, vesting. Accounts of that type start releasing amounts immediately with each block. Pending approval from the business.
- [vesting] by default, unvested amount is available for staking. Pending assessment and approval from the business.
- [vesting] what about switching from periodic to continuous vesting on pre-launch as well?
- Seeking better user experience we may define a DNS entry per validator load balancing among all sentry nodes installed for that validator.
- Start with persistent-nodes setup for our sentry nodes and add seed nodes later, if necessary. The other nodes connect via the DNS records.
- At net launch, for the sake of wiring it up to the Tax Agent, we deploy a dummy Reserve Vault smart contract with the idea of being migrated later. The address of the Reserve Vault is provided as a parameter of the Tax Agent (Custom Tax Handler).
- [data analysis] any significant activity occurring on the net should be consumable by an external module collecting data for further analysis. We need to define entities and their attributes. At first sight, ordered in their expected appearence, they are accounts with their balances, internal transfers, external transfers, historical market prices, any transactions related to the lending product, any transactions related to the deposit product. The data is going to be fed into a relational database. The most feasible mechanism for data transfer is to consume events generated by the network.

23.12.2021
==========
- defined major milestones, due dates and scope
- going to try providing estimations prior getting a task
- confirmed with the product owner that the lending contract will get the necessary amount of crypto from the Nolus Loans Treasury. It is not going to hold a reserve of crypto. Upon an ask for lending crypto the Treasury goes to a DEX or CEX to swap stable to crypto. In reverse, the Nolus Reserve swaps crypto for stable on each payment from a customer. Next Nolus versions are going to provide `earn` functionality. The lending contract may prefer to use amounts provided from `earn` contracts to new loans. 
- amounts received from `earn` contracts may be sent out to an yield aggregator or used for opening new loans
- repayments of loans are accepted in any of the supported currencies, incl. stable ones

16.12.2021
==========
- [nolus-core][contracts][web-app] identified tasks to complete before the network launch and filed corresponding clickup tickets
- went over the web-app mock-ups and validated with the product owner the use-cases
- IBC connectivity would be necessary post network launch to enable some of use-cases, e.g. DEX, bridge, supply NLS liquidity, etc.
- connectivity to a ramp would be necessary post network launch to enable `deposit` and `withdraw` use-cases
- got a confirmation to treat oracle transactions as regular transactions with regards to the fees
- agreed on an oracle topology where multiple proviledged accounts are granted rights to supply market data from market data aggregators to a smart contract. It further combines received observations into authoritative and accurate market data ready for consumption by the other smart contracts. The product owner expects oracle node instances to be run by validators total 10 to 25 at most.

02.11.2021
==========
- [in progress] vesting - open vesting accounts on genesis is done, going to test all usecases, pre-opened and later opened accounts, with functional tests of the CosmosSDK module
- [in progress] dev network - no progress on researching the options to launch a network and set up its genesis, validator set, and p2p nodes
- [in progress] fuzzy and integration testing - pending CI integration of the integration/functional tests into CI
- wallet - demonstrated how user can coonnect to an out-of-the-box Keplr
    - for both use cases, *NewUser* and *ExistingCosmosUser*, we begin with a connect-Nomo button on the site/web-app
- web-app - pending gathering requirements
- [research done] bridge - preliminary estimation is done covering four variants
- [in progress] explorer - how/if we can apply for integration into some of the existing explorers

25.10.2021
==========

- [in progress] vesting - no progress since the last week, need verification with functional tests of the CosmosSDK module
- [in progress] dev network - researching the options to launch a network and set up its genesis, validator set, and p2p nodes
- [in progress] fuzzy and integration testing - a framework for the latter integrated into our codebase, pending CI integration
- wallet - we stick to Keplr
    - [open question] use case *NewUser* - a rebranded wallet is provided to the user to install
    - [in progress] use case *ExistingCosmosUser* - connect her wallet to Nomo network
- web-app - it's time to start working on it
- [in progress] bridge - see below for details, added another option
    - use Terra to reach Wormhole
    - nevertheless, which we chose, the end-customer will not have to deal with it. Nomo is going to ask (s)he to transfer BTC to our address. Then NOMO is going to buy wBTC and use the bridge to move the coins into Nomo
- launching dev/test network - a one-click setup on some Cloud providers is nice to have
- explorer - to research how/if we can apply for integration into some of the existing explorers

19.10.2021
==========

- vesting - it seems the built-in module covers the use case. Going to build and integrate functional tests into CI/CD.
- dev network - going to prepare a Docker image and deploy it on GCP and AWS, a total of three validators. Integrate the deployment as a GitLab pipeline.
- fuzzy and integration testing - the team is researching what is the state-of-the-art in Cosmos. The aim is to integrate them into CI/CD pipelines.
- wallet - Keplr and Lunie are being researched. It seems the former is more mature and easy to setup and use. In addition, it is well-known in the Cosmos community
    - usecase *NewUser* - a rebranded wallet is provided to the user to install
    - usecase *ExistingCosmosUser* - connect her wallet to Nomo network
- bridge - discussed a few options. Going to compare them based on the anticipated CAPEX and OPEX
    - build our bridges to BTC and ETH
    - build our bridge to ETH and use it for BTC as well relying on wrapped BTC in ETH
    - use the Gravity bridge
    - use ThorChain
- swap - list $NOMO in DEX-es after the main NOMO net is launched. The first version will not require exchanging since it will support using leasing and deposit products only using the same currency as input and output

12.10.2021
==========

- $NOMO tokenomics to be finalized soon and implemented in the genesys
- rewards are going to be part of the tokenomics
- presale is going to be done on the test net, then build them in the genesys of the main net
- token validators / replica will be known before main net launch
- research the available wallets in the Cosmos ecosystem and decide on whether to use or embed one
- [similarly to as the above item] research the available BTC and ETH bridges and decide on whether to use or instantiate/implement our own
- research external market data providers and approaches for integration, chainlink?
- an exit from the leasing product may either be completing the lease or automatic liquidation due to imbalance of asset values, due value vs. collateral + payments
- the development of front-ends is going on par with the backend of the platform. [P0] a Web app with support for mobiles. [P1] - native apps, Android, iOS


11.10.2021
==========

- [P0] 50% token to distribute to given customers - private sell - via contract, and wallet
- [P0] parameterized vesting contract and the tokens issued to customers bought during the private sell and got locked into
- off-chain governance of the smart contracts
- allow token owners to stake them or run a node
- ramps will have liquidity pools fed with NOMO and the customers will be able to buy/sell NOMO sending and withdrawing fiat
- gas will be calculated
- when an IBC-compatible currency is sent to another IBC then the amount is kept in the same currency on the other subnet, not wrapped in the native currency
- leasing amount for collateral of the same currency
- the leasing contract buys instantly the lended amount with stable coins from an account hold by a custodian?